Media optimiser (#77)
GravitywellUK/packages: packages/backend/media-optimiser/README.md

> <h1 align="center">Gravitywell Lambda Utils</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h1 align="center">Gravitywell Media Optimiser</h1>
```

<h1 align="center">Gravitywell Lambda Utils</h1>

> <p align="center">Library of Lambda utilities</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center">Library of tools to optimise and format media</p>
```

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/GravitywellUK/packages/CI/master" alt="CI" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/gravitywelluk/packages" alt="License" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@gravitywelluk/media-optimiser" alt="Downloads" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gravitywelluk/media-optimiser" alt="Version" />
</p>
<br />

## Usage

```typescript
const mediaOptimiser = require('media-optimiser');

const transformedMedia = mediaOptimiser.optimiseMedia({
  fileName,
  fileBuffer
})

> ```

Reviewer: I think in this file we should inform the user about pre-requisites about the pre-built binaries - https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/install. This will affect the types of images Sharp is able to process and will cause it to vary from machine to machine
